WEEKS AGO IN KYUSHU
Hawks.
Sorry for the other day.
I could say the same.
We weren't expecting
those things to happen.
Had you told me beforehand about that,
I could have done it with more subtlety.
You talk too much.
It's futile to try
sniffing out any traces.
Not at all.
That hurt my feelings.
Hawks is on the phone with someone!
Who could it be?
Is it his girlfriend? Please, no!
-It's a secret.
-There is still hope for us!
I only hope that you trust me.
I get to feel it first-hand
because I'm part of the industry.
I must say, I wish all the heroes
could be gone for good.
You can never cut me off.
You called me,
so you must understand
how valuable I am to you.
As long as I keep playing like a fool,
you will take the risk
for the sake of results.
I bet you can't wait
to use me as your tool.
Next time, it will be your last chance.
Just you wait.
Prove your loyalty
to the League of Villains
and your resolve to tear down the system.
Please find someone
other than the No. 1 Hero.
I contacted Dabi.
Honestly, I think he is still wary of me.
My communication with you
will be monitored for the time being.
From now on, contact me with your code.
I will do my best to find out
where the Nomus are coming from.
Well, I have to go now.
This is rare.
I'm surprised you would visit me.
How are you doing lately?
My condition has improved.
Did you ask the old lady from U.A. High
to take a look at you?
Recovery Girl can't recreate lost organs.
Surprisingly, a man can live
even without a lung.
What about your hero works?
I plan to make an appearance in public.
After all, there are people
that could use some corrective lessons.
I see.
Such a shame.
Something is amiss.
It's already time,
but no one has contacted me yet.
No one on the Hero Network
has uploaded any information about
the League of Villains or witness reports.
Did something happen?
This is different
from their usual operation patterns.
I really hope…
you don't toy with my resolve.
NEW YEAR'S EVE LIVE STREAM
New Year's Eve.
Because of the new dorm system,
we thought it would be
impossible to go home.
But the students could go home for one day
under the supervision of pro heroes.
With Uraraka and Shinso's assistance,
I finally made it through.
But that superpower…
Mom!
Listening to all this is giving me
a heart attack.
-By the way, Mom…
-Yes?
Do you remember
what I told you on the phone
about a girl named Eri?
Yes.
Well…
Eri wrote me a letter.
She's amazing.
While she was learning how to write,
she wrote me a letter.
I can't do much for her at the moment,
but she still wrote me a letter.
She's amazing.
Hold your tears!
Our neighbors downstairs will be flooded!
You've always acted like All Might
since you were a kid.
You always end up with wounds,
but you never stop talking
about helping people.
You don't have the power.
This is why I've always thought
I had to keep you safe from harm.
But somehow,
when I look at your face,
I feel relieved.
Mom…
The next day, the new year began.
-Did you bring your handkerchief?
-Yes.
-Don't catch a cold out there.
-All right.
-Stay in contact!
-Yes!
Do your best for this internship.
I'm going now.
All right. Off to the Endeavor Agency.
I'm back.
Hey. Where were you just now, No. 2 Hero?
I went to get some coffee.
The coffee here tastes like sewer water.
You will cause us trouble
if you keep flying around as you please.
You must get permission
before you do anything.
What?
My rank is higher than yours here, Hawks.
Yes!
You have the higher rank?
Why didn't I know about that?
I've never heard about that before.
Do you mean your status gives you access
to the information within the Commission?
No.
Location data, contact records,
real-time conversation recordings,
anything he can see.
We installed countless microdevices
on Hawks
so we can know everything
about the heroes.
A nobody like yourself can only peek
at the Hero Network at best.
But as the No. 2 Hero,
he has access to so much more.
I've been watching you.
You seemed nervous
when you were off to get your coffee.
I like my coffee sweeter.
Welcome to the Endeavor Agency.
As if I would welcome you.
KATSUKI BAKUGO
SHOTO TODOROKI
I only agreed because of Shoto's request.
I only wanted him to work with me.
You already agreed, so stop complaining.
Shoto!
I've known it
since you gave us extra lessons.
You're quite a handful.
Shoto, is this guy really your friend?
Fine. As long as I get to see
how the top heroes work,
I'm fine with anything.
I told you to be careful
with who you befriend!
Thank you for accepting us
as your interns.
Flame Hero: Endeavor.
His overwhelming presence
makes him one of the top heroes.
He left quite an impression on me
on the sports day.
Honestly, I've been scared
of him ever since.
But he seems different now.
You're going to Endeavor's?
All three of you?
This is great! You should train well.
What about my training
to control One For All?
So far,
everything has been going smoothly.
Since the day
those black tentacles showed up,
no other unknown Quirks have manifested.
As long as you complete your training
by locking and unlocking the Quirks,
you won't lose control
and go on a rampage again.
Yes.
I would do everything
to make it come out if I were you.
I think you could.
This is good timing
for Young Bakugo as well.
What?
You and Endeavor share
quite some similarities.
This is your chance to observe
how Endeavor works close-up.
It will be a great opportunity for you.
Both of you aim to be top heroes.
So make the best of this opportunity.
I will learn everything I can
from the No. 1 Hero!
"I'm not Shoto," right?
What?
Excuse me.
I don't care about anyone
other than Shoto!
Watch closely if you want to learn!
Please give us the order!
Stay put and watch!
I received the revelation
from the cosmos itself.
Run, people of this country!
The Dark Lord is smiling upon you!
The end is nigh!
Oh, dear.
This is such bad timing.
ENDEAVOR
QUIRK: HELLFLAME
PRODUCE AND MANIPULATE INTENSE FLAME
HAWKS
MANIPULATING HIS FEATHERS
TO SHOOT AS PROJECTILES
What do you mean, we should stay put?
I would miss out on the battle.
He rushed out before
the impact noise even reached us.
He's incredibly fast!
I received the revelation
from the cosmos itself.
The malefic planets
are conspiring against us!
We must stop them!
Isn't that Starservant from Ni-Chome?
It's only morning
and he's already making noises.
This place will be shrouded in darkness!
He sucked away the glass windows!
It's too late to wait for the heroes!
Run, citizens of this country!
I will become the man
who slays the culprit!
ENLIGHTENED FALLEN KING
I will weed him out!
Emissary of the Dark Lord! Show yourself!
What?
Flashfire Fist!
Old man, you can manipulate glass.
You have marvelous control over the power.
But I don't understand
what you're trying to achieve.
But I wouldn't bother
to try and understand.
My throat is burning!
Endeavor!
Handle the evacuation!
This is it!
All right!
Master!
What?
Oh, are these your interns?
Hawks?
Sorry, but I was a little faster.
I thought Endeavor was in danger.
Do I look like I need your help?
It did seem like it. Right, Shoto?
Indeed.
You should have called before you came.
Well, I was merely passing by just now.
We were only following
Starservant's orders!
We couldn't go against his will!
Let go of me!
Let go of me before it's too late!
Leave the rest to us.
Thanks for the help.
That man is the real culprit!
The radiance he gives out
will invite greater darkness!
He will bring about the end to us all!
We resolved the situation
without any casualties.
With you in charge of the security,
this city should be safe.
It's a pleasure to finally meet you!
I'm in Class 1-A of Hero Course
in U.A. High School.
My name is Izuku Midoriya.
-I know you. You crushed your own fingers.
-What?
I heard about you from Tsukuyomi.
I hope I get to work
with him again someday.
I thought Tokoyami would be working
in your agency for the internship.
He is working with my sidekick in my area.
I've got my hands full with work.
I feel sorry for him.
I was faster than you just now.
I wouldn't be so sure.
What brought you here, Hawks?
It's nothing particularly important.
Endeavor.
Have you read this book?
"Paranormal Liberation Front"?
What kind of book is that?
It's nothing.
You know, this book has been selling
like hotcakes lately.
It's a note from a long time ago,
but it foretold the incident today.
Take this as an example.
"Giving a certain group freedom will
bring negative implications onto others."
If you're too busy to read the whole book,
just go through the parts I marked.
"A society completed
by personal responsibility."
This is the ultimate goal of Destro,
commander of
the Paranormal Liberation Front.
It suits the current trend.
I'm sorry if I made it sound too vague.
What are you trying to say?
Endeavor, if that ever became a reality,
heroes like us could finally relax.
I'm being monitored.
This is the only way I can send
the message to you.
I hope you notice it, No. 1 Hero.
I really just want a relaxing life.
I want to create a world
where all heroes have nothing to do.
Something feels off about him.
What's with the look on his face?
Make sure you read it.
A book recommended by the No. 2 Hero.
I should read it too.
Perhaps the secret to his speed is in it.
What?
I have prepared extras for anyone
who is interested!
This can't be a coincidence!
Where were you keeping those?
That's right! I own this era!
Speaking of speed…
I think this book should shed some light
on how the world will shift.
He even gives out the books
a little too fast.
You seem to like this book a lot.
You carry copies of them with you.
I think he's preaching it.
You're right!
I'm promoting this book to all the heroes
across the nation and my friends.
This should somewhat help
with liberating their mindsets.
At least go through the parts I marked.
This comes from the No. 2 Hero himself.
The four of you,
give it your best to this internship!
Hone their skills to the limits
during this internship, Endeavor.
He's so young yet the way he sees
the world is so refreshing.
He's only 22 years old.
He's only six years older than us.
I don't like it.
Yes, well said.
"A society completed
by personal responsibility."
Welcome to the Endeavor Agency.
We are the Flaming Sidekickers!
That's the famous sidekick Burnin!
Bakugo and Shoto,
this is your first internship, am I right?
Starting today, you will both do
the same jobs as us.
As you can see, this is a sizable agency.
We have over 30 sidekicks.
This means the chances for you
to put up a good show don't exist at all!
Interesting.
Do you want us to learn
from the pro heroes?
That's right.
It's the same for Shoto.
We won't go easy on you
just because you're our boss' son.
Give it your best and try to catch up.
Deployment request.
Where is it?
In Area 37.
Contact the patrol team now!
They won't make it in time.
We'll go instead!
Everyone is full of spirit.
That's because we're the No. 1 Agency.
Our operations consist of patrol teams
and standby teams.
We cover emergency deployments,
security requests,
and also event invitations.
We handle over 100 cases on a daily basis.
Well then, let's get working.
That funny bird guy left a sour taste
in my mouth after he stole my takedown.
Funny bird guy? Do you mean Hawks?
I like your spirit.
But you should wait for Endeavor's order.
Don't you have over 100 cases
to take care of? What are you waiting for?
Kacchan, cut it out.
I don't get it.
I hope that you, No. 1 Hero,
can become a reliable leader.
After that, come forward
and tell the whole country, "Don't worry."
He looked different from before.
"A society completed
by personal responsibility."
It suits the current trend.
He sounded totally different this time.
He always opens up to me while making it
sound like a boisterous joke.
At least, he always smiled
when he was with me.
On the contrary…
At least go through the parts I marked.
This comes from the No. 2 Hero himself.
There seems to be a message behind it.
It was as though
he couldn't be upfront about it.
But he was determined to send the message.
No. 2…
The second words!
The second words of the marked lines!
They form a message!
OUR ENEMY IS THE LIBERATION FRONT
Either way, I managed to send
my coded message to the Commission.
But Endeavor didn't look too bright.
Perhaps it was too vague
for him to notice.
After all, there are already
a few pro heroes in the Liberation Front.
It's not like the Commission
could make this information public.
I came up with the idea.
But it's gross
to know he's thinking about my face.
Well, I guess it can't be helped.
There was no other way I could tell him.
"Our enemy…
is the Liberation Front."
"They have…
over 100,000 people."
"In four months…"
THEY WILL ATTACK
Yes. Four months from now,
they will attack.
Next episode…
While I am working as an intern
at the agency,
Kacchan, Todoroki, and I
must face our issues.
I must control my power.
I must be able to move freely
with my best performance.
I'll take it slowly.
I will surely move forward.
Next episode, "One Thing at a Time."
Every little bit of effort is another step
towards my goal of becoming the best hero.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!